patch: Get CDS doc ready for docs sync (#2635)
balena-os/meta-balena: contributing-device-support.md

# Custom Board Support

**Pre-requisites:** a [Yocto](https://www.yoctoproject.org) Board Support Package (BSP) layer for your particular board. It should be compatible with the Yocto releases balenaOS supports.

The repositories used to build the balenaOS host Operating System (OS) are typically called balena-`<board-family>`. For example, consider [balena-raspberrypi](https://github.com/balena-os/balena-raspberrypi) which is used for building the OS for [Raspberryi Pi](https://raspberrypi.org), or [balena-intel][balena-intel repo] repository which can be used to build a balenaOS image for the Intel NUC boards.

Contributing support for a new board is a process that involves the following steps:

* create the board support repository ([1](https://github.com/balena-os/meta-balena/blob/master/contributing-device-support.md#1-board-support-repository-breakout)),

> * because the board support repository needs to be located in balenaOS GitHub organization, once the above steps have been done, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* because the board support repository needs to be located in the balena-os GitHub organization, once the above steps have been done, 
```

│   └── poky
```

> The `layers` directory contains the git submodules of the yocto layers used in the build process. The BSP git submodule(s) used should be a publicly available repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `layers` directory contains the git submodules of the yocto layers used in the build process. The BSP git submodule(s) used should be publicly available repositories.
```

It is a space separated list of items with the following format: *FilenameRelativeToDeployDir:FilenameOnTheTarget*. If *FilenameOnTheTarget* is omitted then the *FilenameRelativeToDeployDir* will be used.

For example, to have the Intel NUC `bzImage-intel-corei7-64.bin` copied from the deploy directory over to the boot partition, renamed to `vmlinuz`:

    BALENA_BOOT_PARTITION_FILES_nuc = "bzImage-intel-corei7-64.bin:vmlinuz"

  The `balena-image-flasher.bbappend` file shall define the following variable(s):

- `BALENA_BOOT_PARTITION_FILES_<yocto-machine-name>` (see above). For example, if the board uses different bootloader configuration files for booting from SD/USB and internal storage (see below for the use of `INTERNAL_DEVICE_BOOTLOADER_CONFIG` variable), then make sure these files end up in the boot partition (i.e. they should be listed in this `BALENA_BOOT_PARTITION_FILES_<yocto-machine-name>` variable)

### `recipes-kernel/linux directory`

>  Shall contain a `.bbappend` to the kernel recipe used by the respective board. This kernel `.bbappend` must "inherit kernel-balena" in order to add the necessary kernel configs that is used for balenaOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Shall contain a `.bbappend` to the kernel recipe used by the respective board. This kernel `.bbappend` must "inherit kernel-balena" in order to add the necessary kernel configs for balenaOS
```
